- n telecommunications is a leading
European manufacturer of
telecommunications equipment focused on
SME LME and operator solutions serving
customers in more than 120 countries
around the globe
we not only manufacture our products but
also develop them which enables us to
respond to market needs with incredible
flexibility with the aim of creating new
even more successful solutions we
reinvest 10% of our revenues back into
in-house development and production
although we primarily concentrate on
intercom solutions we also focus on
other segments in our portfolio for
example operator solutions and m2m and
pay close attention to providing
effective support to the distribution
network and service 2n offers a solution
for door communication and door access
via IP networks the two and Elios IP
family is compliance tested with a via
IP office 7.0 and offers a wide range of
door intercoms for many situations
including security business and
emergency weather providing simple
applications requiring a clear and easy
connection to a single IP telephone to
comprehensive communication arrangements
integrated into security and signalling
systems and iPPV x's we have a solution
to meet your needs find up-to-date Avaya
def connect compliance tested solutions
at WWF Viacom / def connect
we will provide you with smart
high-quality solutions for intercom
communication our sales managers and
technical support teams are ready to
assist you with any question
call us and benefit from - and intercom
solutions to n the right choice